all right so I thought I'd do this video
on how torque Evert works for a go-kart
this is a torque converter off at
go-kart right there um what you have is
your clutch assembly this is a common
industries it's an older older series I
don't think they make this series
anymore
this piece is rust and sell it that
brass belt runner is rust and solid but
um it's just like a centrifugal clutch
this is the older style what it does is
when the engine speeds up this spreads
apart catching on this inside here thus
creating speed now the motor is running
a fairly low rpm but your belt runs on
here and what happens when this pushes
out I don't know if you can see what
this whole thing moves and it's put
together like this and this inner piece
right here moves and tightens the belt
now there's one more part that goes with
it along with the torque converter it's
it's raining out so I'm gonna make this
quick it's this big pulley right here
and the belt this pulley it's a common
industries Richmond Indiana I think it's
just number 20 or something like it but
on this pulley here has a little spring
in here that makes a speedin whatnot
I don't know what the technical term for
this pulley is I'll call it a flyback
pulley but it twists like this when it's
in motion and all that good stuff but
misses an older-style torque revert I
have to take a torque converter off the
other Murray go-cart and show you all
one day guys are gonna replace a bolt in
it anyways but yeah this torque
converters screwed up I don't even think
it's even movable weird okay I've seen
I've lost my hammer oh wait here it is
yeah
yes II hear this piece here moves this
talk of murders might still be good but
see here it is piece moves sits in here
like is these are friction discs out
think these are magnets some of these
clutches had magnets and I'm gonna tell
these are friction discs okay this one's
crack so this tour covered
holy someone's used as this torque
converters obviously shot I'd have to
rebuild it but yeah this mass bearing oh
god some of them that key
up to this tour converter is sa chhoti
this is an older style comet industries
are the creator of the tour cover -
there's two different torque over to one
more tour cover brain max torque you
don't make them no more but yeah anyways
louver out